Previously on "The Catch"...
Tessa Riley. Is that your real name?
Perhaps you should go
directly to the source.
Tell us, Mum.
I mean, if you knew she was mine...
Of course she was yours.
Then why not tell me?
Because I knew you'd want
to do the right thing...
Settle down and be a "family."
Tessa wants to join the Firm.
No. She's not gonna
turn out like we did.
She already has.
Who the bloody hell are you?
I'm Troy.
What do you mean, you're the hard drive?
When Blackwell needs data copied,
I look at it once, it's in here forever.
What if I could tell you
where your husband is?
- What?
- Special Agent Edgar Diaz.
Wait. Your husband is in the FBI?
How weird was it seeing Ethan again?
- Did you tell them that I killed that cop?
- No.
I loved you.
- Ethan.
- I was gonna marry you.
Ethan Ward was innocent.
I owe you an apology.
I was wrong.
There was a man in my
life before I met you.
Ethan Ward.
Can we talk?
I know I should've called first,
but I-I didn't want to
do this over the phone.
- Ethan...
- When we broke up...
I wasn't exactly at my best.
And I did some things that I regret.
Me too. It's okay.
No, it's not okay.
I need you to know that I'm better now.
What I would love more
than anything is...
could we just start again?
Hey.
- Hey.
- Hi.
I'm so sorry. I didn't
realize you had company.
- Hi. Ethan.
- Ethan.
We were just talking about you.
Oh.
Ben is my fiancé.
Wow.
Wow. Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
Yeah.
Well, don't let me interrupt.
You guys... talk.
No, I'm the one who's interrupting.
I should go.
I'll call you.
Great.
- Nice to meet you, Ben.
- You too.
Unless...
You want to come in for a drink?
- Absolutely.
- Okay.
I could definitely use one.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
I see you redecorated.
A... little.
Oh, that's right.
This used to be your house, too.
For a while.
You two live together?
- Yeah.
- No.
I'm here most nights.
And how long have you been...
- A year.
- Two months.
- No, we've been together for...
- Dating for longer.
But engaged for two months.
Got it.
Have you set a date?
- June 29th.
- We haven't dec...
We're still, uh, figuring it out.
What do you do, Ben?
- I am...
- He's in...
Do you need to get that?
Sorry.
Everything okay?
Sorry. I'm gonna have to go.
What's wrong?
- Can I help?
- Maybe.
It okay if I call you
tomorrow at the office?
- Of course.
- All right.
Very nice to meet you, Ben.
Likewise.
We should all have dinner sometime.
I'd love that.
Me too.
- Just say it.
- Say what?
Say whatever it is
you've been dying to say
since he left.
He seems nice.
Was I not supposed to tell
him that he's not a murderer?
I think he probably
knows he's not a murderer.
Well, I felt I owed him an apology.
Obviously.
And I did not expect him to come over.
Yeah, well, who doesn't like a surprise?
I know I do.
Especially when the surprise
has the piercing blue
eyes of a Siberian husky.
Come on.
Thank you.
What do you think you're doing?
I had a pretty exhausting day.
I found a human hard drive,
I met my fiancée's ex-fiancé,
who apparently is not a murderer...
Oh, is that so?
And I have an early breakfast
with the daughter I
never knew I had, so...
You must be so tired.
Oh, I am. I really am.
Well, I guess you won't
mind if I call up Ethan.
You're not calling Ethan.
How did you two meet?
Your uncle introduced us.
Is that Uncle Rhys?
- Mm-hmm.
- Your Uncle Rhys stranded us
on a stolen yacht while he disappeared
on a three-day opium
bender with two prostitutes.
By the time the Italian
Coast Guard arrived,
we were practically married.
When do I get to meet Uncle Rhys?
- How about never?
- That can wait.
So, you met, fell in love,
and, for 15 years, you
were happy together?
I was. Or thought I was.
Your mother and I
wanted different things.
Yes, I wanted to steal
from Alice Vaughan.
He wanted to marry her.
So you gave up everything... The Firm,
your whole life together... For a mark?
It's very romantic.
Thank you.
No, I meant in a teenage-girl way.
Which reminds me, we have
a birthday party to attend.
- What?
- A Sweet 16 party.
You know other teenagers?
Is that so hard to believe?
Will there be boys at this party?
All girls, I'm afraid.
And their parents will be there.
Relax, Dad.
What is that?
Well, I'm not sending
her in there unarmed.
Have you been to a kids' party in L.A.?
Give me that.
May I have a word?
She's not bringing a gun
to a child's birthday party.
It's not just any child.
Do you remember Carl
and Galinda Mangels?
- What about the Mangels?
- They were busted by the feds.
Now, it turns out that their crew
is less than happy with Carl's
successor... Raymond Taggart.
Well, Taggart can't
handle Mangels' crew.
If I can fold them into Kensington,
I will finally have the crew that I need
to be taken seriously in this country.
Well, not if you're
recruiting teenage girls.
It's Taggart's daughter's birthday.
Tessa's gonna breeze
in, plant a few bugs,
and I'll learn everything I need.
By putting our daughter in danger.
At her age, we were
doing this... and worse.
Neither of us had a choice.
I was surviving, and you...
I was learning the family
business, as is she.
- It's too dangerous.
- It's a birthday party.
The answer is no.
Excuse me?
She's not going. I forbid it.
Ready?
I am, but your father forbids it.
Oh. That's so sweet.
No one's ever cared what I do.
Thank you, Daddy.
Coming, Mum?
You try telling a
teenage girl what to do.
Hey.
Remember our friend Troy,
the human hard drive?
Uh-oh. Did you break him?
Rhys, he's going back to the FBI.
He's not. Justine's keeping him.
I didn't see Troy as her type.
Well, first of all,
Troy's everyone's type,
and secondly, she's gonna
use him to kill her husband.
- What?
- Exactly.
You need to come home now.
I hate being the sensible one.
I can't. You're gonna
have to cover for me.
I'm... taking a personal day.
What? What... What is that?
Is that a thing in this country?
- Can I have one of those?
- No, not today.
Whatever's going on, you can handle it.
Since when? I...
Hello?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Where are you going?
Out. To get Troy some clothes.
You'd better not be.
Troy, where is she going?
To take down some arms dealers.
Troy, just because you know everything,
doesn't mean you have to say everything.
I go outside for 10 seconds.
What the hell's going on?
According to the file
I saw at the Bureau,
Justine's husband was on assignment
to infiltrate some arms
dealers, code-named Argosy.
The operation was highly classified,
then terminated two months later.
That was six months ago.
Everyone came home. Except for Eddie.
And you never heard from him?
No, I did.
He e-mailed me
saying he had fallen in
love with someone else.
Which is why you want to kill him.
Just really... hurt him.
Argosy is Billy McLeland's outfit.
Troy said they used to
operate out of Santa Barbara.
Yeah, they still do.
I may have done some business
with them in the past.
So you know these guys?
Very civilized... as gunrunners go.
In fact... Yeah.
They gave me these.
Care for a stogie?
When did they give you these?
Uh, a few weeks back.
These are Orbazos, from Cuba.
No one here smokes these.
Except for Eddie.
This is proof he's still with Argosy,
and thanks to the two of you,
I know exactly how to find him.
Ethan Ward is now our client?
Not if it makes you guys uncomfortable.
It doesn't make me uncomfortable.
I'm just worried about him.
I left him to work for you.
And Ben is okay with this?
He's pretending to be. He
even asked Ethan to dinner.
- Uh, what?
- Wow.
- When?
- Last night,
when Ethan showed up at my door,
and we all drank bourbon
like it wasn't weird.
And was it not weird?
No, it was super weird.
Guys, he's here.
- Detective Anderson.
- It's just "Val" now.
Ethan, this is our in-house counsel
and computer specialist, Sophie Novak.
Sophie, pleasure to meet you.
And, of course...
- Ethan...
- Hey, nice to meet you. Ethan Ward.
Well, listen, thank you, guys,
for seeing me on such short notice.
Um, it's kind of an emergency.
Last night, me and my
entire Board of Directors
had our personal
information published online.
- What?
- Like what?
Bank statements, tax
returns, confidential e-mails.
- Ethan.
- Oh, my God.
I've got deals falling
apart, investors pulling out.
My Board is threatening to sue.
You think it's someone on the inside?
You know, at this point,
I'm not sure what to think.
That's why I'm here.
Well, we can't do anything
about what's already out there,
but we can prevent anything
else from being exposed.
Sophie, will upgrade your servers
to our secure network
protocols, encrypt your files
while we investigate the hack.
And we should start with your employees.
Maybe someone you've fired recently
or someone from your past that
you've forgotten about entirely.
As well as your
competitors, rivals, enemies.
They stand the most to gain.
Well, that's a long list.
I've been doing this for a while,
and, as you know, I haven't
always played by the rules.
Oh, that's okay.
Neither do we.
It's very impressive what
you've built here, Allie.
Be impressed after we fix this.
I don't know if even you can do that.
We will shut this down,
find out who did it,
and shut them down.
Thank you.
We can't take Ethan's case.
Why not?
Because I know who hacked his company.
Who was it?
It was me.
Please tell us you did not hack Ethan.
- I didn't.
- Oh, thank God.
I asked my friend Heather to.
Oh, my God.
Heather also worked for Anonymous?
She still does, which is why,
when we were investigating
Ethan for murder,
I asked her to see if
she could find anything,
and maybe she left a door open.
Could she have leaked Ethan's data?
No, she would never.
She's very... truth and justice.
You would love her.
So, she's not a hacktivist
working for an
anti-capitalist organization?
No, she is.
Which is why I never
should've asked for her help.
It's why I'm quitting,
effective immediately.
- What? No.
- Sophie.
If I don't work here, Ethan
can't press charges against AVI.
He won't press charges.
I don't think.
You guys could lose
your license if I stay.
No. This is on me.
I asked you to look into Ethan.
You were doing your job,
and you will continue to do
that by helping us fix this.
I'll fix it.
- Sophie...
- I will.
I promise.
This is for the birthday girl.
What is it?
Sterling silver hip flask.
I was a girl once, too, you know.
And these are for you.
Plant mics with built-in transceivers.
Mum, you shouldn't have.
Now, position those all around the house
and in the back garden.
People have the most annoying habit
in this town of discussing
business matters en plein air.
Take these, as well.
You didn't mention you were
sending me in as a wallflower.
No, quite the opposite.
I need you to mingle with
everybody at this party.
Those are so I can help.
Ah, so you'll be my eyes.
As well as your ears.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God.
Hey!
Remember, this is a job.
No, this is a nightmare.
I got eyes on Raymond Taggart.
Forget about him. To get
the run of this place,
you need to sidle up to his daughter,
the birthday girl, Arabella Taggart.
- Any sign of Arabella's BFF?
- Maddie Collins?
I don't see her, so this is your window.
Then here I go.
You look gorgeous.
Hi! Arabella, happy birthday.
Maddie has told me all about you,
and she said I just had
to come, and now I see why.
Your house is amazing.
Who... are you?
Oh, my God.
She didn't tell you I was coming?
This is so embarrassing.
Oh, well. I got you a present.
Maddie turned me on to your beauty blog,
so these are all the Nars spring colors.
Honestly, though,
that shade is stunning.
I wish I could pull off reds.
Oh. Thanks.
I mean, I think with your complexion,
you could pull off a rose-toned red.
How did you say you knew Maddie?
She's my cousin. I'm Rachel, by the way.
Is Maddie really not here?
I don't think so.
I am so sorry. Do you
mind if I call her?
Flying a bit close
to the sun, aren't we?
You know there's no
lipstick in that box.
I also know it's bad manners
to open your birthday gift
before you've made your
eating-disordered friends
say no to cake.
Well done. You're
coming in loud and clear.
Who's the girl on the sofa?
The girl on the sofa
is Stephanie Porter.
Just won state championship
for distance running.
Stephanie!
Rachel. We met at regionals?
Sorry. I should say you
kicked my ass at regionals.
Who's up next?
The young woman in your
eyeline is Eve Hildebrand,
aspiring poet and folk singer.
I have played that breakup
song you wrote so many times.
Your metaphors literally,
like, destroy me.
Microphone 2 is live.
Microphone 3 is live.
Microphone 4 is live.
Well done.
They're all coming in loud and clear.
Who are you, and why are you
telling people you know me?
And that would be your
cousin Maddie Collins.
Use your ammunition.
Arabella's boyfriend, Tad, has
favorited a suspicious number
of Maddie's photos and vice versa.
You know, what's confusing is,
I do have a cousin Rachel,
only you're not her.
So maybe you should tell me what
the hell is going on, psycho?
What's going on is you're
about to do everything I say.
Why would I do that?
'Cause I've seen all the naked selfies
you've been sending to
Arabella's boyfriend, Tad.
- What?
Oh, yes. I've seen everything.
So if you want to keep your best friend,
you're going to turn around, put
on your biggest birthday smile,
and tell anyone who asks
that I'm your cousin from...
Where am I from again?
- Newport Beach.
Exactly.
Oh, and give me that bracelet.
The bracelet, or I talk.
You shaking down 16-year-olds now?
What are you doing here?
What is he doing here?
I am taking our daughter home.
How did you get in here?
Seems my little princess
forgot her inhaler.
Let's go. We're leaving.
- Dad, no.
- Tessa.
Just go, would you?
I can handle these idiots.
What about the guards on the grounds?
Did you notice the 9-millimeter
bulge in their jackets?
You think they're gonna care
that you're 15 years old?
I just found out you exist.
I would hate to lose you to
one of your mother's turf wars.
It's my turf, too, now.
And it would've been yours
if you hadn't left Mum.
So help me.
Just got to plant a few
microphones inside the house.
Absolutely not.
Then I'll make a scene in
front of those armed guards.
It's your choice.
This is the only cigar
lounge in the area
that sells rare Cubans.
It's got to be where
Eddie's getting his supply.
And may I ask what you're
planning to do if we find him?
Just want to talk.
I want answers, closure.
Well, the answer is,
he fell in love with someone else.
It happens.
It could happen to you if you moved on.
You don't just move on
from a seven-year marriage.
What choice do you have?
You have no idea how this feels, do you?
You think I've never been betrayed?
You could not be more wrong.
Her name was Felicity.
And where is she now?
She's gone.
But I know what happened.
I have my answers.
And yet... no closure whatsoever.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hello.
I wonder if you can help me.
Today is my birthday,
and a friend told me
I might enjoy something
called an Orbazos?
I'm afraid we don't sell those here.
Hi. FBI.
I couldn't help overhear you
lying to my friend just now.
Are you saying that
if we go in the back,
we won't find your secret stash?
The embargo was lifted.
Yes, it was... For cigars manufactured
after 2014.
So, you have a choice...
I can shut you down, or...
Or what?
You can tell me everything you know
about this son of a bitch.
Hey, could you help me break
into Heather's apartment?
What?
I called and texted and e-mailed,
and she's not responding.
We have to get in there.
I need to get onto her network.
Isn't this how the
whole thing started...
By you asking your friend
Heather to do something illegal?
Like you don't break into
people's houses all the time.
Not for fun.
Well, could you do it as a favor?
If not for me, for Alice and Val.
I messed this up. I
messed everything up.
Please?
Come on.
Let's go break into
your friend's apartment.
Sophie, I just checked in
with the police about Heather.
Honey...
they found her... in her apartment.
She's gone.
She's dead.
What are you doing in
here? Come on. Let's go.
I'm guessing she's yours.
I caught her hiding this under my desk.
You two aren't going anywhere.
Thank you.
Sweetie, if you want to go home...
No.
What did the police say?
They found her body in the tub,
a bottle of sleeping pills by the sink,
but there was also slight
bruising around her neck,
which suggests...
That she was killed.
Oh, my God.
But there was no forced
entry, no sign of a struggle,
not a single fingerprint, hair, or fiber
that wasn't the victim's.
So it was a professional hit.
The police also found
Heather's bank statements.
Two days after you
asked her to hack Ethan,
she made a cash deposit
in the amount of $250,000.
So she did sell Ethan's data?
Or she was paid to leak it.
And whoever bought the data
sent somebody in to cover his tracks.
So let's go find him.
Soph, if the killer knows or finds out
that you were part of the hack...
We'll set you up in the security wing.
- We'll put an agent with you.
- No. No.
I don't want to just go sit in security.
But they'll keep you safe.
This guy killed my friend.
I have to do something.
At least let me get you a
gun for your own protection.
No, I don't need one.
If we find out who he is,
I can use my phone
and hack into his life
a million different ways.
I can hack into his car and
drive it off a cliff if I want.
Copy that.
We just need to find him.
I may know someone who can help.
There you are.
What happened? Is your father with you?
Oh, he's here all right.
They're both here, Margot.
Raymond, darling. How are you?
Are you well?
Happy birthday to Arabella.
They grow up so fast, don't they?
- I found the microphones, Margot.
- Ah.
What kind of parents use their daughter
to move on another family?
For the record, that is
exactly what I told her.
Dad.
Oh, for God sakes.
Raymond, just tell me what you want.
I think a $10 million cash penalty
might discourage you from crashing
any more of my parties, don't you?
- $10 million?
- Are you joking?
Honey, it's cake time.
Two seconds, baby.
What'd I say? Cake time.
$10 million by 3:00 p.m., or
this party ends with a bang.
I'm coming. Damn.
Any sign of Eddie yet?
Not yet, but then, not showing up
is kind of his thing, isn't it?
He'll show.
He won't be able to resist
a box of fresh Orbazos.
I'm just saying, anyone who chooses
a box of cigars over you is...
headed your way.
Okay. Here we go.
Turn around.
Justine.
You can't be here. It's not safe.
It's not safe for me?
You have fundamentally
misread this situation.
I'm still undercover.
Are you telling me
they left you in play?
I will tell you everything.
But you have to leave now.
Impeccable timing. I need you.
Much as I would love
to be of service to you,
I need you to look at something for me.
- I'm sending you a photo.
- Ooh.
No, not that kind of
photo. Check your e-mail.
Why am I looking at a photo of a
dead girl instead of your penis?
It's a murder case. It
was staged as a suicide.
You do know I'm not
the detective, right?
I mean, allegedly, that's you.
I know, but I thought,
based upon your particular skill set...
Murdering people.
That you might be able
to identify the killer.
Do you think we all just hang out,
having drinks and trading pro tips?
'Cause we do, occasionally.
His name's Willy Grace.
Loves that bathtub gag.
I'm sending you a photo of us all
at the annual murderers'
Christmas party.
Willy Grace, okay.
Well, now that I've solved
your little murder mystery,
I need you to help me
with a job this afternoon.
Fine, but first, tell me
how to find Willy Grace.
Oh, well you see, now, I'm afraid
that will cost you a peen pic.
What am I looking at?
That is a photo of a
man named Willy Grace,
also known as John A.C. Kennedy,
also known as Syd Quilling.
That is the man who killed Heather.
How did you find out?
My source. Uh, wait.
It's, uh, the only photo I got.
Let me see.
It's, uh...
What do we know about him?
Where he lives, what he drives,
how much he charges for a
murder staged as a suicide.
And how do we know all this?
Yeah. Who's your source?
You called Margot, didn't you?
Should I not have?
In my experience, sometimes a
criminal can be very helpful.
Grab your phone. Let's
go get this Willy Grace.
Willy Grace?
I'm here to talk about Heather Reynolds.
_
Like I said...
my friend and I would
like to have a word.
Heather's killer is
stonewalling the cops.
He's not giving up anything.
Probably because whoever hired him
is paying him a fortune to keep quiet.
Think I might know who's paying him.
- What?
- How?
When I hacked his car's computer,
I also accessed its call log.
Six minutes after the
killer's NAV system
puts him at Heather's place,
he made a call to
someone named Marcus Nash.
Of course he did. Who's Marcus Nash?
We have to call Ethan.
Marcus Nash has been trying to
drive me out of business for years.
He was doing it to us
when we were together.
How?
Stealing contract bids,
poaching investors,
spreading rumors.
So you think Nash paid this girl
- and then had her killed?
- To cover his tracks.
And this guy is untouchable...
Commercial real estate,
capital investments, tech companies.
So we're just gonna let him get
away with this because he's rich?
No.
If he had Heather killed,
who knows what else
he's gotten away with.
We have to get this guy.
We will.
And you'll have all my
resources at your disposal.
Thank you.
What do you know about
Nash's current projects?
Well, for the past two months,
Nash and I have been vying
for the old Vauxhall
properties downtown.
And now since he's cost you
your Board of Directors...
He probably grabbed them.
He has.
Not only that, but he's holding
a press event this afternoon
to announce his development plans.
Well, that sounds like a party.
And you know how I love parties.
Excuse me.
Would you mind telling me the time?
I'm just curious to know how
much longer it is I have to live.
Relax.
Taggart doesn't want a
gang war with Kensington.
He just wants to put
your mother in her place.
A sentiment with which
you clearly agree.
Did I not tell you this was a bad idea?
It would've been fine
if you hadn't shown up.
Wait. Remind me why we're sitting here.
Oh, that's right...
Because you got caught.
You put me off my game.
That's right. Blame the
parents. That's what children do.
I was so close to
taking down Kensington.
I hired hit men on three
different continents.
You paid for stuff on the Internet.
Any idiot with a
credit card can do that.
A true con artist relies on her wits.
A true con artist
doesn't fall for his mark.
Well, that mark took you
down, if I recall correctly.
Yes, and I am desperate
to return the favor.
Tessa?
- Can you help, please?
- She has asthma.
Her inhaler's in my jacket pocket.
- Just take it out of my pocket...
- Daddy...
and give her her dose, please.
- Daddy.
- Honey, hold on.
We're getting your medicine.
Just hang in there, okay?
That was a very
convincing asthma attack.
Thank you.
Now please tell me a true con artist
knows how to get out of these.
Allow me.
There you are.
Thank you.
A new Jaguar. Arabella's cleaning up.
We're getting out of here.
Oh, my gosh!
Thank you so, so much, Daddy!
You're welcome, baby.
Did my wife order this?
From Margot Bishop.
She said the bonus you
discussed is in the trunk.
Oh, well, please, tell Ms. Margot Bishop
to expect her delivery shortly.
Thank you.
Park it in the garage.
Take the cash out the trunk, count it.
Surprise.
You invited your husband here?
I couldn't bring him back to our house.
McLeland could be watching.
The FBI could be watching.
But it's okay for Eddie
to lead a platoon of arms dealers here.
Aren't you already a customer?
Thank you, Troy.
Yeah, thank you, Troy.
Sorry.
It doesn't matter. He's
not gonna show up, anyway.
I hate this guy.
Hey.
Don't let him sweet-talk you.
Give me some credit.
- Should we give them some privacy?
- No.
Why would we want to do that?
Which way out?
There were two guards on the front door
when I came in... That's a no-go.
So we'll leave the way I came in.
Don't move.
See, this is why I hate guns.
And this is why I love them. Hello, Mum.
I just gave our daughter
the "no gun" speech.
Well, thanks to me and my gun,
you'll live to bore her with it again.
Can we insult each other
on the move, please?
- We got to go.
- We're not going anywhere.
Taggart just tried to
ransom you and extort me.
That doesn't go unanswered.
- Margot.
- What are you planning to do?
Make this a party he'll never forget.
The Bureau ended their
operation six months ago.
They made arrests.
But they didn't get McLeland.
And if they'd listened to me...
if they'd waited for
even two more weeks,
I could've delivered him.
Wait a minute.
Are you saying you
stayed under voluntarily?
Baby...
Oh, my God.
I can get him.
- I know I can.
- What is wrong with you?
McLeland is arming terrorists.
So you stay undercover, by yourself,
and then divorce me via e-mail?
Wait. Justine.
I didn't want you wasting your life,
waiting for a-a dead man
who was never coming home.
Which basically means
he chose work over you.
I'm sorry. W-Who are these people?
These are the people who
actually care about Justine.
These are the people who have her back
and won't let you hurt her again.
I'm Troy.
Okay. That was sweet, but...
H-He's right. The longer I'm with you...
the less safe you are.
And the less safe you are.
Just please know I
never meant to hurt you.
I never stopped loving you.
And if I can get out of this alive...
Oh, you will.
Because we're gonna figure
out what to do about McLeland,
and then we're gonna get you out.
Wow. Marcus Nash went all out.
So did you.
Ben is a very lucky man.
I will tell him you say so.
He's okay with us working together?
He doesn't have a say in the matter. Mm.
And he's fine with it.
What about you?
Oh, I'm fine with it, too, yeah.
No, I mean, are you seeing anyone?
Not that it's any of my business.
Right, 'cause we're
just working together.
Speaking of which...
Marcus.
Ethan.
Alice.
What a surprise... The
two of you back together.
What's surprising is that people
are still willing to
do business with you
after everything you've done.
Do you recognize this woman?
Heather Reynolds.
These are crime-scene photos,
implicating an assassin
named Willy Grace,
who called you six minutes
after he murdered her,
according to these phone records.
Bold presentation,
but it'll never hold
up in a court of law.
What about the court of public opinion?
Your press packet.
Bold presentation.
And we made sure that our people
put one of those on
every chair in this room.
I think the media's gonna have
more than a few questions for you.
And not just about the property.
Get these two out of here now!
What?
It's been a while since we
were thrown out of a party.
This is everything that is wrong
with raising children in Los Angeles.
This is why we need to take
our daughter out of here now.
Too late.
I'm already getting
ideas for my Sweet 16.
Just help me with Taggart,
and then we'll leave.
I am not helping you kill Taggart
at his daughter's birthday party.
The plan was never to kill
him, just to take over his crew.
How do we do that?
Thanks to your fine work,
I've overheard every
conversation in this place
for the last three hours.
Most of the parents here
are Taggart's employees,
and they've got grievances.
Which you plan to start airing.
Precisely.
But how do we do that
without getting caught?
Taggart's just got word
he's got a rather messy
problem in his garage,
so he's off to clean it up,
which puts us in the clear.
So if we all work together,
I'll have us out of
here in 10 minutes, tops.
Give you five.
I'll take it.
Thanks, Daddy.
Now it's a party.
First, there's Scotty Beene.
Taggart's been cutting
him out of the profits
for the last several months.
Scotty, right? Ted.
- Have we met?
- East Coast operations.
Hell of a month, right?
Got to say, really generous
of Raymond to up our weeklies.
- You got a raise?
- You didn't?
While you enrage the husbands,
I'll rile up the trophy wives.
I can't believe that I'm
just meeting you all now.
I feel like I have no one
to talk to except for Ted,
and he just drones on
about work and his buddies
and his $10k stipend.
Did you say $10k?
I mean, everyone is
paid the same, right?
It seems Taggart's
not just a cheapskate.
He's also a bit of a ladies man.
I really shouldn't say.
Debbie's so nice, and...
her dad is right there.
What is it?
Lydia said that Maddie said
that Arabella told her
that her dad, Mr. Taggart...
Mm-hmm.
Is having an affair with Debbie's mom.
Oh, my God!
You can't tell anyone.
We're gonna spread so much dirt
on Raymond Taggart to his employees
that by the time he
returns to this party,
he'll be walking into a mutiny.
Of course I was gonna pay you.
Of course your husband
will get his stipend.
Of course not, Frank.
I-I wouldn't sleep with your wife.
Who told you that?
Seems you're not very popular, Raymond.
Not only are your people cross with you,
but most of them have defected.
- Defected?
- To the Kensington Firm.
Pleasure doing business with you.
You watch your step, little girl.
You take what I love,
I'll take what you love.
Raymond, father to father,
if you come anywhere
near my daughter again,
I will do more than break your wrist.
My wrist?
Aah!
Now we can go.
You...
She's banging Tad, by the way.
What?!
I just wanted to say thank you.
For what?
For going along with all of this.
As if I had a choice.
And for trying to protect me.
Fat lot of good that did.
And for letting Eddie
and me spend the night.
What?
Here?
I can't take him back to my place.
So you're just gonna shag him here?
I haven't seen him in eight months.
Well, I'm glad you got the
answers you were looking for.
Thank you.
And who knows?
Maybe it's not too late
for you and Felicity.
No, i-it is.
When Felicity betrayed me,
I wasn't quite as forgiving as you.
That was the scene at a
disastrous press conference
held by Marcus Nash just hour ago,
where it was revealed
that he may have ties
to the murder of Heather Reynolds.
Nash & Partners stock
is expected to plummet,
as the FBI has now launched an
investigation into the C.E.O...
The feds made a deal
with Heather's killer.
He confessed.
Nash paid him for the hit.
We got him, Soph.
He's going away for good.
Thanks, you guys.
Maybe give her a minute, hmm?
And then...
it's good working with you again, Danny.
You did remember. He remembered.
Everything looks good.
Nash is in police custody.
They'll need all of our statements.
Happy to help out any way I can.
Oh, how the times have changed.
- Oh.
- Oh, ignore it.
Come on. We're celebrating.
Be right back.
Hey.
I'd almost forgotten
the sound of your voice.
It's been less than 24 hours.
Which is officially too long.
How are you? How was your day?
It was, uh... actually...
pretty great.
How was yours?
It wasn't terrible.
So, I am just wrapping
up here at the office.
Yeah, we're just ordering
a quick dinner here.
Oh. You still there with Tessa?
Unless you need me.
No, no. Take your time.
I'll call you later.
Absolutely, or I'll call you.
You want your usual... Steak-frites...
Or do you want something else?
- Steak-frites sounds great.
- Your cholesterol.
Do you think this is what
it would've been like?
What what would've been like?
Us. As a family.
I suppose so.
Uh, room service. Yeah, hi.
Uh, I'd like to start by
ordering three martinis.
You are not ordering her a martini.
Why? She asked for it.
She's gonna ask for a lot of things.
That doesn't mean we're just supposed
- to give them to her.
- It's one drink.
- She earned it.
- Absolutely not.
You are being ridiculous.
You are being irresponsible.
Tessa, your father's
putting his foot down again.
Oh, I love it when he does that.
Do it again, Dad, so I can see.
I take it back.
This is what it would've been like.
Uh, yes, steak-frites...
Are those two...
Maybe.
- I don't actually know.
- Mm.
That's what it means to be the boss.
All the problems and none of the gossip.
But I love the gossip.
That was my favorite part.
All right, well, I
have some for you, then.
Mm.
Her name's Gretchen.
Your girlfriend.
No, my fiancée, actually.
Wow.
That is good gossip.
I'd love you both to meet. I ju...
I... I think you'd really like her.
Yeah, I'm sure I will.
Tessa, did you forget something?
Felicity.
Aah!
Who's Tessa? Should I be jealous?
I thought you were in India.
Does Rhys know you're here?
No, he doesn't.
I didn't come to see him.
Well, what did you come for?
I've come to cause a bit of trouble.
Are you up for it?
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org